callout: Add information tone and compact variant (#1336)
steelthreads/agds-next: packages/react/src/callout/docs/overview.mdx

</Callout>
```

Use callout to notify and alert users of important snippets of static information.

<DoHeading />

- use sparingly as they are intrusive - use to help users quickly scan
  to find essential information in a long text page
- use to reiterate important content
- use for quotes in long-form content

> - use the information and neutral tone callouts on the same page to convey information hierarchy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- use different tones and variants on the same page to convey information hierarchy
```

should this be updated?

- use for primary content as it may be missed
- mix colour palettes.

## Tones

Callouts can be used to convey different tones of information. The tone of a callout is conveyed through the background colour and icon.

### Neutral Callout

> The normal tone of a callout is `neutral`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default tone of a callout is `neutral`.
```
